+++
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.

date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"
draft = false

title = "Computer-Aided Diagnosis (DACO)"
subtitle = "Practical Lectures"
widget = "custom"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 61

+++

Here you can find practical (and some theoretical) material for the Computer-Aided Diagnosis (DACO) course, taught at the Faculty of Engineering/University of Porto, in its 2017/18 edition.

This year, I am the teaching instructor for the practical sessions, and I also teach some theory.

## Table of Contents for Practical Sessions
- **Lecture 1**: Introduction to Python for Scientific Computing

Where we learn the basics of how set up a Python-based system to develop Machine Learning,
Computer Vision, and Image Processing projects.
Please go [here](http://agaldran.github.io/post/17_daco_prac_lec_1/). [Under construction]

- **Lecture 2**: Bayesian Classification. Linear Regression.

Where we introduce the scikit-learn library for Machine Learning.
We will code from scratch a Naive Bayes classifier and a Linear Regressor,
and compare them with sk-learn implementations.
Please go [here](http://agaldran.github.io/post/17_daco_prac_lec_2/) [Under construction]

- **Lecture 3**: Neural Networks and SVMs. Designing, Diagnosing, and Validating ML/CAD systems.

Where we learn how to make use of simple neural networks and SMV's classifier
in the context of a medical image classification problem. We also learn how
to find out pitfalls in your model, and debug it.
Please go [here](http://agaldran.github.io/post/17_daco_prac_lec_3/) [Under construction]

- **Lecture 4**: Feature Extraction/Dimensionality Reduction. Texture Analysis.

Where we learn about feature extraction and texture analysis.
Please go [here](http://agaldran.github.io/post/17_daco_prac_lec_4/) [Under construction]

- **Lecture 5**: Unsupervised Learning. Clustering and Image Segmentation.

Please go [here](http://agaldran.github.io/post/17_daco_prac_lec_5/) [Under construction]

