+++
abstract = "We propose a novel image-dehazing technique based on the minimization of two energy functionals and a fusion scheme to combine the output of both optimizations. The proposed fusion-based variational image-dehazing (FVID) method is a spatially varying image enhancement process that first minimizes a previously proposed variational formulation that maximizes contrast and saturation on the hazy input. The iterates produced by this minimization are kept, and a second energy that shrinks faster intensity values of well-contrasted regions is minimized, allowing to generate a set of difference-of-saturation (DiffSat) maps by observing the shrinking rate. The iterates produced in the first minimization are then fused with these DiffSat maps to produce a haze-free version of the degraded input. The FVID method does not rely on a physical model from which to estimate a depth map, nor it needs a training stage on a database of human-labeled examples. Experimental results on a wide set of hazy images demonstrate that FVID better preserves the image structure on nearby regions that are less affected by fog, and it is successfully compared with other current methods in the task of removing haze degradation from faraway regions."
abstract_short = "----------------------------------------------------"
authors = ["Adrian Galdran", "Javier Vazquez-Corral", "David Pardo", "Marcelo Bertalmio"]
date = "2017-02-02"
image_preview = "headers/hazy_dehazed_wide.jpg"
math = true
publication_types = ["2"]
publication = "In *IEEE Signal Processing Letters*"
publication_short = "*IEEE Signal Processing Letters*, 2017"
selected = true
title = "Fusion-Based Variational Image Dehazing"
url_code = "https://www.dropbox.com/s/warvatzfx0um27g/spl2016.7z?dl=0"
url_pdf = "https://bird.bcamath.org/handle/20.500.11824/659/fvid_2016_def_no_logo.pdf"
url_project = "project/deep-learning/"

[[url_custom]]
name = "DOI"
url = "https://doi.org/10.1109/LSP.2016.2643168"

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = "fvid_scheme.png"
caption = "Schematic Representation of FVID"

+++
Detailed instructions to run the code are included in the downloaded zipped files.
Please note that we can provide limited support to any problem that may arise during execution of this code.

Pw for the zipped code is spl2017.

This software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

